# Intelligent-Dictionary
School Project CAT300

Abstract
Currently, the English language is a lingua franca around the world and used in most of the countries, regions, and organizations. Therefore, have a good proficiency in English actually helps students to explore more about the world. However, the reality is students are facing problems in their proficiency in English, such as the use of broken English in their tests, assignments, projects, or even daily communication. Students also are too lazy to refer to a paper dictionary or a reputable dictionary app, but solely depend on Google Translate which sometimes delivers weird results. 
	This project, Intelligent Dictionary, is intended to design an easy to use dictionary app, by utilizing Optical Character Recognition (OCR) technology and Speech Recognition technology. The motivation and objectives of this project are to help students improve their English language proficiency and improve the efficiency of word searching system. Intelligent Dictionary is capable of finding the meaning of a word by scanning the words or reading the word to the app, recognizing the word and then use the recognized word to return its meanings and related information. The user also can access to search history of words searched to retrieve any past records. Besides that, the user also able to add a word as their favorite, access it and remove it if it is no longer needed. 
	In short, Intelligent Dictionary is expected to improve student’s English language proficiency and improve the efficiency of word searching, so that students can use less time to search for a word from the appropriate source.
